Deliverable # 1
  
  Team #5(Fergus,Chris,Zach,and Christian)
  This documents shows and describes the four benchmarks we have chosen for our project.

  1. Redis:
   Redis is a commonly used for cache storing, allowing users to access recent information from a current session. Redis uses Memory based storage
   rather than a disk allowing for lighting fast retrieval times. Due to the process requiring a round-trip between the user and server, many concurrent users can 
   create latency issues. The CloudLab experiment will stress this strain in the proccess, comparing network throughput across various container technologies.
   This will be completed by running identical test of user pinging read and writes to the server
 
  
  2. MySQL:
  MySQL is a relational database system often used in the clould computing. It puts stress on memory, IPC, and filesystem and network subsystems. 
  The SysBench otlp benchmark will be used to test an instance of MySQL. Sysbench conatains a built-in database of interactions, these interactions 
  will be used with multiple MySQL configurations. SysBench will produce data regarding transaction latency and througput. These statistics will be 
  used to compare the performance of the different MySQL configurations, showing us how well each configuration performed.
  
  3. Network latency—netperf:
  Netperf will be used to measure round-trip network latency.  The CloudLab x86_64 and ARM architecture's will run the server while another machine acts as the client. 
  Our client will send out a 100-byte request to the server which will then send a 200-byte response back to the client. The time it takes for the client to get this response 
  after sending out the request will give us the network latency.

  4. HPC—Linpack:
  Linpack solves a dense system of linear equations using an algorithm that carries out LU factorization with partial pivoting. The majority of compute operations will 
  be spent in double-precision floating point multiplication. This benchmark is typically based on a linear algebra library that will be heavily optimized for the machine 
  architecture we will be building. We will utilize Intel Math Kernel Library for our Linpack binary.


